
ZFS_3D_Free - Parameter Definitions & Notes

An easier to read copy of this material can be found here.
(http://sidekickapplications.wix.com/assets#!zfs/cy0)

Notes - This shader is meant for use on 3d Objects in Unity Free or Pro. Please note that the fake edge detection 
on this shader is static and NOT dynamic. Meaning the coordinates for the fake edge must be set manually.
 
Shader Controls
Brightness - Takes the current values and multiplies them by the given value. This happens after everything else.
 
Intensity- Takes the current values and multiplies them by the given value. Afterwards it is clamped between .05 and 
.95 then run through the gradient color remap. The effect of doing this can push your values more to the right or to 
the left of the gradient you decide to use.  If you use solid color the effect will be much less noticeable.
 
Pan Speed - The speed at which the texture moves along is v coordinate.
 
Gradient Or Solid Color - This toggle controls if the shader re maps its black and white values to the gradient color 
texture or multiplies it by the solid color.
 
Gradient Color - This texture is used to re color the shader. it takes the black and white values then colors them 
accordingly. Darker values on the left and lighter values on the right. The way this is set up only requires this 
texture be 1 pixel in height and I recommend somewhere between 256 and 512 in width. only used if gradient or solid 
color is turned on.
 
Solid Color - Multiplies the final result of the shader by the specified color. Only is used if gradient or solid 
color is turned off.
 
Texture - The image used to add detail to the shader.
 
Gradient Texture Decay - Think of this texture as a whole bunch of gradients stacked on top of each other. Each pixel 
row representing a gradient of its own. This gradient is used to re map the values of the shader to be more or less 
visible in along certain ranges of values. Keep in mind that the shader is set up to only use one pixel row of this 
at a time. Which pixel row is dictated by the decay slider.  If you really want a unique look to your shaders this is 
the texture slot to do some experimentation with.
 
Decay - This slider decides which pixel row of the gradient texture decay to use.
 
Fresnel - This toggle will fade out geometry faces that are facing towards the camera out and keep one that are facing 
outwards. This allows you to add texture to a shader but still easily be able to see whats inside. If you want the shader 
to be solid throughout turn off this switch.
 
Make Same As Fresnel -  In general just keep this toggle at the same value as the fresnel toggle for best results. If your 
feeling frisky go ahead and experiment with them being opposite. Results may vary.
 
Fresnel Exponent - This controls how extreme the fresnel will be in your shader. Higher values push the glow more towards 
the edge while lower values allow the texture to bleed into the core.
 
Edge Detection Fake - This switch either adds or removes the fake edging texture from gradient edge fake.
 
Gradient Edge Fake - This texture decides the look of the fake edging on the sphere. Use the Y offset value to move the 
edge up and down the example sphere.
 
Soft Texture - Enable this  if you want your texture to appear softer. Note that the gradient texture decay used in this 
example to the right is designed to have edges so use the alternative one that came in the asset bundle. A great example 
of a case to use this is the top left flat plane example that is blue and yellow.
decay used in this example to the right is designed to have edges so use the alternative one that came 
in the asset bundle. A great example of a case to use this is the top left flat plane shader that is 
blue and yellow.