
ZFS_Flat_Pro - Parameter Definitions & Notes

An easier to read copy of this material can be found here.
(http://sidekickapplications.wix.com/assets#!zfs/cy0)

Notes - This shader is meant for use on Flat Objects in Unity Pro. The primary reason that Pro 
is required is because the shader utilizes camera depth render textures to generate dynamic lines 
wherever the camera sees mesh within edge detection distance of the mesh that has the shader 
applied. You can read more about camera depth and how to activate it HERE .
(http://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/RenderTextureFormat.Depth.html)
 
Shader Controls
Brightness - Takes the current values and multiplies them by the given value. This happens after 
everything else.
 
Intensity- Takes the current values and multiplies them by the given value. Afterwards it is 
clamped between .05 and .95 then run through the gradient color remap. The effect of doing this 
can push your values more to the right or to the left of the gradient you decide to use.  If you 
use solid color the effect will be much less noticeable.
 
Pan Speed - The speed at which the texture moves along is v coordinate.
 
Gradient Or Solid Color - This toggle controls if the shader re maps its black and white values 
to the gradient color texture or multiplies it by the solid color.
 
Gradient Color - This texture is used to re color the shader. it takes the black and white values 
then colors them accordingly. Darker values on the left and lighter values on the right. The way 
this is set up only requires this texture be 1 pixel in height and I recommend somewhere between 
256 and 512 in width. only used if gradient or solid color is turned on.
 
Solid Color - Multiplies the final result of the shader by the specified color. Only is used if 
gradient or solid color is turned off.
 
Texture - The image used to add detail to the shader.
 
Gradient Texture Decay - Think of this texture as a whole bunch of gradients stacked on top of each 
other. Each pixel row representing a gradient of its own. This gradient is used to re map the values 
of the shader to be more or less visible in along certain ranges of values. Keep in mind that the 
shader is set up to only use one pixel row of this at a time. Which pixel row is dictated by the 
decay slider.  If you really want a unique look to your shaders this is the texture slot to do some 
experimentation with.
 
Decay - This slider decides which pixel row of the gradient texture decay to use.
 
Mask - This toggle will activate the mask texture to fade out specified parts of the mesh.
 
Make Same As Mask -  In general just keep this toggle at the same value as the mask toggle for best 
results. If your feeling frisky go ahead and experiment with them being opposite. Results may vary.
 
Mask Texture - This texture is used to map visibility along the UV's.
 
Edge Detection - This enables or disables the dynamic edges that take advantage of the depth render 
textures. Essentially this works by searching distances behind each pixel of the object this shader 
is on to the next object behind it. Then it applies a gradient of 0 to 1 depending on how close the 
pixel is inside of the range of 0 to whatever value you put in the edge detection distance box. REQUIRES 
UNITY PRO & DEPTH RENDER TEXTURES
 
Edge Detection Distance - The distance the shader will search behind each pixel for a mesh behind it. 
REQUIRES UNITY PRO & DEPTH RENDER TEXTURES
 
Gradient Edge Detection - This texture is used to remap the values of the gradient given to us by the 
depth render texture. The result allows us to give any kind of visual quality to the edge as we want. 
Hard, soft, wavy, anything you like. REQUIRES UNITY PRO & DEPTH RENDER TEXTURES
 
Soft Texture - Enable this  if you want your texture to appear softer. Note that the gradient texture 
decay used in this example to the right is designed to have edges so use the alternative one that came 
in the asset bundle. A great example of a case to use this is the top left flat plane shader that is 
blue and yellow.